Week #4Unit TestsTimer->Tasks Cutting Point:Conceptual Test #1: Verify proper semaphore communication between timer callbacks and tasks.Status: Currently passing.Conceptual Test #2: Update and read a global variable to verify that timer callbacks are being entered.Status: Not tested but would pass since test #1 is passing.Physics Task->Energy Timer Cutting Point: No longer using energy timer, doing energy updates using physics task and period instead.Physics Event Flag Cutting Point: Changed from event flags to updated global variable.Unit TestsGreen is pass, red is fail.1. Place finger on far right of slider, verify platform moves to the right with increasing speed.2. Keep your finger in the same position and verify that the platform bounces off the cliff.3. Keep your finger in the same position and verify that the platform moves back to the middle before stopping and turning around.4. Move your finger to the far left of the slider and verify that the platform turns around.5. Keep your finger in the same position and verify that the platform moves to the left with increasing speed.6. Keep your finger in the same position and verify that the platform bounces off of the left side of the screen.7. Keep your finger in the same position and verify that the platform moves back to where it previously turned around before hitting the wall. Platform currently bounces back further than its previous position. This was not the case last week. This issue will be pushed to the coming debug week in favor of developing other functionality.8. Repeatedly tap far left and far right on the slider and verify that the platform moves in a twitchy fashion back and forth.9. Press button0 and observe the shield is turned on.10. Press, hold, and release button1 and verify that a rail gun shot is firedFunctionality:This week I implemented the energy bar, shield activation, satchel charges, and rail gun shots.The shield turns on and remains on until the energy bar runs out. The rail gun currently fires with a pre-set power and will produce the same trajectory every time. It fires upon release of BTN1.Pressing and holding BTN1 results in the energy bar decreasing until it is released or the bar hits 0.Charging a shot while the shield is active results in the energy bar draining twice as fast.The shield has collision detection and effectively blocks satchel charges.Satchel charges fire at a pre-set frequency and either hit the platform, shield, or disappear at the bottom of the screen.Summary:This week I completed 20.22% of the total work in 17.98% of the initially estimated total time. For the work that has been completed, I took .89x the anticipated time. This is how I expected the later weeks of the project to go. Once I implemented the structure, the details were easily added on top. For this reason, I am needing less time than I planned out.Completed Work:Revise globals and task diagram: The task diagram saw some significant changes. I eliminated a lot of event flags in favor of adding more global variables and mutexes. This could change again next week as I revisit ITC.Implement details task by task: Going chunk by chunk has made it super easy to focus on one thing at a time. It has boosted my productivity significantly. I finished the implementation of everything. Now I just need to adjust super small details and edge cases!